Add yaron2 as candidate (#672)
dapr/community: elections/2025-STC/candidate-yaron2.md

-------------------------------------------------------------
name: Yaron Schneider
ID: yaron2
info:
  - affiliation: Diagrid
-------------------------------------------------------------

#### Contributions to Dapr

I've been involved with the Dapr project since its very beginning and have worked on the project through each major milestone, including the initial 0.1 release in 2019, the stable 1.0 release in 2021 and the CNCF donation as incubating project in 2021, as well as graduating with the project in 2024.
I am currently serving as a member of the STC and as a maintainer of the Dapr runtime, components-contrib, docs, CLI and Go-SDK repositories.

On the technical aspect of things, I have designed the Bindings, Pub/Sub, Service Invocation, State Management and Actors APIs and contributed substantial code to these areas for the past 4 years. In addition, I designed the Sentry service responsible of securing the Dapr sidecars and have contributed many other features including the Outbox pattern, client side state encryption, gRPC proxying and pub/sub namespace isolation among many others.

> On the fundementials aspect, I designed and implemented the Dapr performance tests suite and have implemented end-to-end and unit tests continously to ensure quality and stability for our users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the fundamentals aspect, I designed and implemented the Dapr performance tests suite and have implemented end-to-end and unit tests continuously to ensure quality and stability for our users.
```
